hello everybody my name is Casey and
level 2 for the friend point is just
about to be maxed two points away this
should do it ray you've completed friend
level 2 and won a new prize
singing sirloin and of course I get more
money and yeah my money for my friend
actions that we go
the singing sirloin I don't really
remember the particular restaurant I
kinda do kind of don't but 25 years of
Simpsons things are going to get a
little muddled muddled that is a weird
word why do they use it alrighty
where is it here we go it earned its
money and stuff which is good and I
assume it is going to take probably a
full day to do let's see
yep
there we go how expected hooray it is
finally done this singing sirloin go
didn't waste any time he jumped right
into it I like it looks pretty frickin
cool now there is an actual quest as
well but I forgot to click it Oh where's
homie Sam's in there he's right there
he's got a bit of dialogue with moe the
singing sirloin is offering free steak
to anyone who sings a
love songs on stage what really I can
sing
although I've never really tried and I
have a weird voice and no sense of pitch
but I see him I'm great
oh just like Casey I also have a weird
voice when I talk I have no sense of
pitch and I assume I'm still great I
don't know I'm talking about plus those
free steak steak and people admiring me
I'll be like Donald Trump except people
will like me hey okay mo geez
a three-hour quest which is kind of
strange but I want to see if it has an
animation wants to work with the door
could open there's a window on the side
there that can light up we got a chimney
thingamabob er that can have smoke the
sign can light up something anything you
please hey the sign lights up kind of
it's kind of broken but it is something
it does stand out so I kind of like it
anywho that is the level two singing sir
line has a question mode that is three
hours long next up is level 3 with
snowball - can't wait for that but that
is gonna wrap it up guys so if you
enjoyed this video
hey you know what to do it's all good
as usual my name is Casey and I will see
you on the next one